Hello Uttarakhand Police Hello Hello I am calling from Haridwar Didi Haji and my request is that Hello, the voice is coming Didi, you are getting yes yes my request is that some people had committed a crime against us when Jeevan Ram etc. we were in police custody for some time when they were released they have a grudge against us they keep troubling us sometimes they send goons to our flats and houses they live in Kankhal Hazaribagh so now you want police help yes Didi yes help I am telling you what I want Didi Hello yes yes please tell me Didi what are they doing they are trying to trap me through some people so they get some girls to call me some wrong kind of girls are in contact with them women well she asks me sir like me I am in business of real estate I want to buy something where are you I want to meet you when I don't even know we want to buy a plot there I don't even work I block their number they then call from some other number and harass me I am a diabetic patient and I am under tension. In this matter, why don't you complain about them in the police station, didi? I have already complained about it to the police, once and twice, and now it is going on in the court. Right now, I am scared to step out of the house. I am on insulin and I take insulin four times a day. I get tensed. They called me and told me, I refused. They want to buy property there. They want to call me in some way and call me on the pretext of buying a plot or property. They want to trap me so that my location is found. Understand didi. So, note down the number there and give it to the police station. Trace the number. The police will ask which girls' numbers they belong to. The police will ask them why am I calling them. What is your work with them? Note down the number and give it to the police station. That number is fine didi. I will do this. Then didi, I also felt the same. I told the police, I wrote an application to the police station and gave it to the police. You are being blackmailed. Whatever is being said to you, that's it. We will call, not on those numbers Didi, they used to ask my location, where are you, by getting someone to call, yes you don't do it, then we will trace them, okay, you tell them at the police station, okay Didi, thank you.