Good afternoon ma'am Good afternoon, do you need any help ma'am I needed some information, please tell me, yes actually I am speaking from Dehradun Patel Nagar ma'am ji ma'am actually I need to know information regarding police verification, what are the processes involved in it and how can we apply from the police website, for what do you need to do police verification, for your job, yes ma'am job, you can download the Uttarakhand police app, do it in that, ma'am I will note down in a second, can you tell me what the process will be, download the Uttarakhand police app from the place, it has the complete process written in it, the name of the verification is of Uttarakhand Uttarakhand police, this Uttarakhand police app, ma'am when you open it completely, just like you fill normal form etc. there is a verification option in it, ma'am two things come out in it, one is tax, yes and secondly this police cleared clearance verification option is not there, not of PK ma'am It comes, yes, uncle, people are saying that we do it through police app, then for this, will we also need to go to the police station? Will it be on the line? Yes, you need it for the private sector? Yes, you need it for going abroad etc. No, no, only for the private sector, uncle. So, you will need a character certificate, right? You need it for a private job. Yes, I need it for a private job. You are asking where are you from? I am talking from Dehradun only. I need it only for the private sector. Then you can get it done from the state office. There is an office in Dehradun, you come there. You will get the form from there. You will have to submit the challan. Get it done from there. Okay, uncle. For this, you will have to come yourself. So, if I do it from the website, then from the website, you will have to come to the police station again to pay the challan etc. You can check once what is the procedure in this. Mine was made. I had taken out a print out also. Yes, then it is acceptable. It was not happening in the private sector, I said okay then you get it done from there, I got it done from the office, thank you mam, thank you mam